Your tasks will be: 

Music festivals are great events to visit, especially if they have different stages showcasing different bands and different kinds of music that can be alternated during a festival. This way, anyone can choose what to see or listen to. This week's Code Review example is going to take a look at that!

 Correct usage of the HTML structure (proper order of HTML elements). 

 Correct code structure (aka code indentation) for the HTML and Javascript code. 

 Clear separation of CSS, JavaScript and images in distinct folders: css, js, img (access through relative paths). 

 Correct CSS layout according to the provided design. There should be a navbar, a festival image (hero image), 3 stages subsections listing the bands, 1 subsection with the contact form and a footer. Feel free to improve and expand the design. Each band must display a name, description, date and price. Remember that the festival lasts 3 days and only one band can play at a time on a certain stage.

 The subsections (stages 1, 2 and 3)  should display 3 bands in the row on larger screens, 2 bands in the row on medium screens and 1 band in the row on small/extra small screens. You are free to use either Bootstrap or implement Media Queries/FlexGrid/FlexBox to achieve this. 

 The contact section must also be responsive. It is formed by 2 columns on a large screen. It should wrap into one column with the picture on top of the form on a medium screen and the image should disappear on small screens. 

 Use the band prices from your website to create nine (9) variables that will hold each band ticket price. You will use these variables to calculate prices and output human-readable phrases with them. Please do not name the variables as x, y or z but rather give meaningful names. Note: You should do it manually since we didn't learn how to take values from HTML elements yet. 

 Create another three(3) variables: fest_day1, fest_day2 and fest_day3. You should randomly pick three different combinations from bands playing on the same day at different times and sum them together into these variables.

 Using the three variables from the previous task, three(3) phrases must be outputted in the console:

On the first day of the festival, I was lucky to watch bands 1, 2 and 3. 

Then I watched the bands 1, 2 and 3 on the second day and it cost me €€€€ in total that day.

I was a bit tired on the third day but it was so much worth it to watch the bands 1,2 3 and I spent €€€€ for the three days of the festival.



 

 If you had booked the concert with enough time in advance, you would have saved 30% on every ticket. Knowing that information, output the phrase below:

If I had booked the concert with enough time in advance, it would have cost me a total of €€€€€ and I would have saved €€€€€.

 Create a review page where the user can view customer reviews of the concert. The design must have the basic structure for a normal webpage: navbar, hero, content, main part and footer and it should complement the index page. This page must be accessible from the index page (e.g through the navbar or footer, or both).